so quickly before the video starts I
have a giveaway with my new Twitter
account which I made it's free to join
you just have to follow me and it's a
stattrak
classic slaughter worth like 500 euro on
the state market link is in the
description and on this new Twitter
account I'll be tweeting a lot of stuff
about skins and a lot about trading many
people have seen are interested in the
trades I make how I trade what skins I
buy what skins I don't buy and this is
basically where I post stuff like that
also I'm posting tips how to not get
scammed on this account I'm also buying
and selling skins because I see many
people are getting scammed so I wanted
to buy and sell skins for a good price
safely so that you guys don't get
scammed that's why my DMS are open so if
you want to buy or sell skins then you
can DM me but please only DM e if you
actually want to buy or sell something
because otherwise it's just spam it
takes a lot of time and I'm not gonna
reply but if you're just interested in
skins and how I trade and hit that
follow button link in the description
now let's get on with the video hello
guys it's boy emily from mass with them
and in today's video as you can see it's
very early which means we have a goddamn
serious update in today's C's update of
course they closed operation shattered
web they removed the maps breach and
studio and added the maps Anubis and
chlorine but they're only added to
casual Deathmatch and scrimmage so no
new competitive maps yet they made some
fixes to some characters and game stuff
also apparently they added so you can
get the half-life Alec stuff even if
your vac banned and finally and for me
maybe most importantly they added the
purissima to case introducing Prisma to
case 17 community designed weapon finish
and horizon and knives in chroma
finishes as rare special items or yo-yo
oil and also I'm sorry I'm making this
video so late I usually record it right
when it's released at like 3 a.m. but
yesterday I had stayed up all night so I
slept too long but still this updates
awesome so here are the new skins the
OGG tomcat looks decent but you can see
why it's a blue the OP capillary
we actually have a 5-7 over these
already and this is a decent skin I
guess whoo see see distressed this one
looks very cool all
like a co-player goal the sort of thing
I think I like this one a lot the deagle
blue ply which kinda looks like the red
or black laminate but blue this time
very cool the mp5 desert strike like the
m4 desert strike not very cold Negev
prototype this is decent I guess but I
kind of don't like these futuristic
skins or eight bond forged this one is
actually cool also has this sorta
co-player feel i like the handle a lot
very a vehicle and now we get into the
purples p2000 acid-etched i like this
one a lot I wonder if there are
different patterns maybe you can get the
pattern which is very colorful this one
definitely passed the vibe checked sawed
off
Apocalypto this is very appropriate now
considering coronavirus and considering
the video I posted yesterday on the
second channel which is about the
apocalypse if you haven't see that one
yet linked in the description this
sawed-off is awesome look at the watch
on the hand which looks like it's on the
handle and the earth there and then the
the galaxy in the background this one
looks very good next up score 20
enforcer I like the colors I don't like
these like a futuristic metallic things
but the the gradient here is very nice o
SG dark winged this one also looks very
cool this one almost looks like those
hyper beast schemes like very detailed a
lot of color but this one is less like
cartoony next up SSG fever dream we have
of course the OP fever dream now we have
the scout version this one looks very
cool as well Oh
a que Phantom disrupter what this is a
very cool a case game it doesn't like
remind me of any other aka skin either I
think this one would be kind of
expensive mac-10 dispute it okay I mean
yeah I guess that works I probably
wouldn't pick this one as a pink but I
guess yeah Oh Mac 7 justice goddamn this
has to be from the same collection as
the Empress and the Emperor right and
the OP mortis it looks the same style
this one looks very good and now for the
Reds we have who m4a1s player 1 this is
awesome this looks very similar as the
Akihabara and it says I
of skins there in the back oh my god
really
okay this one I'm definitely gonna need
to get one of these
and finally Glock bullet Queen this
one's also cool also has a little lady
on it I like the color scheme black and
yellow they go very well together all in
all I think these skins definitely pass
the vibe check and speaking about the
skins the knives as I said are the
horizon knives in chrome finishes I
guess that just means it's these knifes
the steel f2 versus navaja
and Thailand but in the chroma finishes
and the chroma finishes or just a
regular you know don't play and a mask
you steal and ultraviolet and that's
kind of boring because we already have
those in the game so there's no new
knives it seems like well let's see what
the case is caused oh that's expensive 9
euro each what the [__] let's go ahead
and buy five five of these are 45 euro
what oh no I didn't even buy it it's
only bought to buy three more for 9.2
each oh no okay there we go now I have
them okay
they look really cool the old pace ma I
care I think it's just white in the
background
yeah the old pace my case is just white
in the background and this border is
black now this is silver and the
background is black it looks pretty cool
actually and yes I said these knives are
the ones that I think are gonna be in
the case which means yeah more rubies
and sapphires and black pearls but no
new knife skins I guess we just go ahead
and open them now before I open this let
me check some of these skins in-game as
I wanted to this one looks actually
really good now that I check it in game
I'm sad that it isn't like shiny and
glossy it's Mac but it still looks
decent and I wanted to see this one okay
then I want to see this were oh my god
yes this one looks amazing okay I'm
gonna take it back the enforcer score
actually it's really good it's like a
fade now that I see it in-game that
looks really good here this a K phantom
I wanted to say as well yeah it looks
really cool and then this one yeah this
has to be the same creator as the the
other skins like I said this looks like
someone took like an overwatch
screenshot and just like pasted it onto
a scheme this could be a character in
overwatch and then you know this has a
background and M for player two oh yeah
this is a really good skin I love skins
yeah this is a really good-looking skin
it looks like Mega Man over there but I
guess it's not I guess that's supposed
to be a CT but still yeah definitely
this is a very cool skin it even has
details you might not notice like it
says GG there
I love schemes here it's a csgo back
here I don't know what it says here on
the silencer because I can't read that
to be frank I can barely read to begin
with yeah eight oh come on baby oh now
only blues oh I mean that's that's not
very good the key to an agent's heart
costs four thousand seven hundred fifty
dollars yes thankfully who cares are a
lot less expensive this one I'd say is
decent it looks better than the
five-seven but still that that doesn't
mean much next case what Pam I can't
believe I bought these so early so
they're so expensive it's stupid as [__]
actually it's also field-tested on ok
let's go again what Pam something other
than a blue would be very nice actually
ok eagle-eyed and extremely Lethal you
won't find a more dangerous flightless
bird what is this like a [__] chicken
it looks alright this isn't my favorite
from the from the case so the fourth
case now what Pam I'm gonna be opening
these when they drop in the price a lot
it's gonna be I think this case is gonna
be pretty cool stattrak desert strike
though minimal aware as I said this
isn't my favorite skin by any means also
as I said you can see here the operation
shafted Webb is missing thankfully
though I got the diamond the coin before
the operation ended and it doesn't seem
like you can get the cases as drops and
as you can see here the shafted Webb
cases are going up in price pretty fast
I bought a lot of these before the
operation stopped oh my god because you
can see the price is going pretty stable
and then all of a sudden ok v Kay
what Pam if so long ago I opened a knife
from a case actually ma'am and oh my god
Reef are you [__] kidding capillary
battle-scarred nice well that's [__]
ass I'm gonna open three more cases
actually because I I can't go out like
that
what Pam I mean something good I'll be
very happy okay at least it's a new
scheme it's the blue lie desert eagle
which frankly looks a lot like the aka
laminates but yeah that's that's cool
yeah it oh okay unlucky and finally what
Pam and I get to skin I hated the most
okay let's load it into the new maps
just to quickly see what they're about
these might never make it into
competitive mode so I won't be checking
them too much in depth I just want to
get an overview because you can see like
they're available for casual let's be
honest who plays casual no one that's
who
okay so I quickly checked the map I'm
not I'm pretty sure this one will never
see a competitive play because it's it's
a weird map to be honest that's a nice
waterfall but yeah the aesthetics over
the map this looks really cool like I'm
gonna use this for screenshots for skins
100% it looks really good actually holy
[__] this is cool though it has a map in
the game that actually looks like it's
supposed to be part of the map so here's
the b-side this huge obelisk and I mean
this one isn't the most the most
stunning thing I've ever seen Wow things
like these look really beautiful as well
holy [__] and here is the a site the
sites on this map don't look too cool to
be honest but if you check like the
surroundings that looks really cool
let's check the chlorine in the map as
well so here's the next map chlorine and
as you can see behind T spawn it's just
the aspect and this is actually part of
the Aztec map which looks really cool
actually of course he didn't build like
the whole map but just to tie that into
like the lower looks really nice so
here's the B side it doesn't look too
cool either
until you look up and it's like a galaxy
you can see the whole universe this
looks very cold and then here's the
middle which is very like open and very
large that's pretty refreshing and they
have a mini bridge here like from a
steak and here's the a side which looks
decent I guess it seems to be a very
small area you can plant in if that's
what this is and you have a little water
slide over here so it looks pretty nice
actually to be honest I don't like the
Aztec map but I definitely like this one
more than I like the Aztec one because
of the design the revamp you know and
maybe that wasn't me that maybe this is
me though I don't know anyways both maps
very cool definitely passes the vibe
checked but yeah thank you guys for
watching this video the new Prisma -
case opening and the skin review but
thank you for watching boys now I'm
going to go back to bed